Update User Guide (#239)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

:bulb: You can only undo commands that made changes to the data in iBook (i.e., commands involving add/update/delete product/item).

> :exclamation: Undo does not preserve the order of the list, thus an item that is deleted and undone may have a different index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:exclamation: Undo does not preserve the order of the list, thus a product deleted and later added back by undo may have a different index
```
